c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Bootcamp.API.dll.config
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Bootcamp.API.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Bootcamp.API.pdb
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\CommonServiceLocator.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Unity.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Unity.Container.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Unity.Interception.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Unity.WebApi.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\CommonServiceLocator.pdb
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.ValueTuple.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Unity.Abstractions.pdb
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Unity.Configuration.pdb
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Unity.Container.pdb
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Unity.Interception.pdb
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Unity.Interception.Configuration.pdb
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Unity.RegistrationByConvention.pdb
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Unity.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\obj\Debug\Bootcamp.API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\obj\Debug\Bootcamp.API.dll
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\obj\Debug\Bootcamp.API.pdb
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Bootcamp.API.BussinesLogic.exe
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Bootcamp.API.Common.exe
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Bootcamp.API.Core.exe
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Bootcamp.API.DataAccess.exe
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Bootcamp.API.BussinesLogic.pdb
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Bootcamp.API.Common.pdb
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Bootcamp.API.Core.pdb
c:\Users\Habibie\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Bootcamp.API\Bootcamp.API\bin\Bootcamp.API.DataAccess.pdb
